[docs] Add interactie example for row selectors (#4257)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/data-grid/state/state.md

{{"demo": "SelectorsNoSnap.js", "bg": "inline", "hideToolbar": true}}

### Row selectors

Rows can be impacted by many features such as sorting, filtering, grouping, or pagination.
Depending on your use case, you could want to apply the effect of only some features.

> To help you to find the right selector, here is a tool to experiment with row selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help you find the right selector, here is a tool to experiment with different features' combinations.
```
